# Incorporating Combinations of Sentiment Scores Of Financial News And MLP-Regressor For Stock Prediction. 
Junaid Maqbool, Preeti Aggarwal, Ravreet Kaur
maqbooljunaid@gmail.com
## Abstract. 
The stock market is very volatile as it depends on political, financial, environmental, and various internal and external factors along with historical stock data. Such information is available to people through microblogs and news and predicting stock price merely on historical data is hard. The high volatility emphasizes the importance to check the effect of external factors on the stock market. In this paper, we have proposed a machine learning model where the financial news is used along with historical stock price data to predict upcoming prices. The paper has used three algorithms to calculate various sentiment scores and used them in different combinations to understand the impact of financial news on stock price as well the impact of each sentiment scoring algorithm. Experiments have been conducted on ten-year historical stock price data as well financial news of four different companies from different sectors to predict next day and next week stock trend and accuracy metrics were checked for a period of 10, 30, and 100 days. Our model was able to achieve the highest accuracy of 0.90 for both trend and future trend when predicted for 10 days. This paper also performs experiments to check which stock is difficult to predict and which stocks are most influenced by financial news and it was found Tata Motors an automobile company stock prediction has maximum MAPE and hence deviates more from actual prediction as compared to others. 

